SmartFarm Function User Guide
=============================


**This kit integrates multiple interaction methods, enabling automatic control via sensors, remote monitoring and operation via a mobile app, and voice control. **

**These diverse interaction modes make learning and experiencing smartfarm more intuitive, convenient, and enriching.**

----

Automatic Control
-----------------

 - When the DHT11  sensor detects an increase in temperature, the fan will automatically turn on.
 - The light sensor detects a decrease in brightness, and the RGB lights will automatically turn on white lights for supplementary lighting.
 - When the brightness sensor detects a decrease in brightness and the human body sensor detects someone passing by, the buzzer will automatically sound an alarm.

----

Infrared remote control
-----------------------
 - The OK button can turn on the fan, water pump, and RGB lights with one click, while the 0 button can turn them off with one click.
 - Press button 1 to turn on the fan, press button 2 to turn on the RGB light, press button 3 to turn on the water pump, press button 4 to turn on the alarm mode, press button 6 to turn on the RGB light supplement, and press buttons 7, 8, and 9 to switch between three RGB light effects.
 - Press the left button to enter the temperature threshold setting of the temperature controlled fan. Set it by pressing the up and down buttons, and adjust it by 0.5 degrees Celsius each time. Press the left button again to confirm the setting.

----

Speech Recognition control
----------------------------

This kit supports voice recognition, allowing users to directly control LED lights, fans, doors and windows, and adjust the volume through voice commands.  

- Before using voice control, you need to wake up the device.The wake-up phrase is: **"Hi Lola."** When the device responds, **"Hi, I am Lola, how can I help you?"** , it has successfully woken up.You can now use the following voice commands to control the device：
- Open the water pump
- Shut down the water pump
- Turn on the fan
- Turn off the fan
- Turn on the ambient light
- Turn off the ambient light
- Volume up
- Lower the volume


.. note::

   - The system only recognizes the following preset commands. Voice content outside the range will not take effect.

----

App control
-----------

1. APP Download 

- For Android system, click the link below to download the installation package, or scan the QR code below to download.
- iOS devices can download the app from the App Store. Search for “LAFVIN” to find and install it, or scan the QR code below to jump to the download page.

----

2. Network configuration



